KillFolders - KILLFOLD.EXE
--------------------------

KILLFOLD.EXE was written in response to a query by Stuart Siegel, who, it
seems, works with a great many folders open on his desktop, and wished out
loud for a way to close them all quickly without disturbing running
programs.  A great many workarounds were suggested, including the use of
the 'Close Folder on Subfolder Open' system option in Warp, and using the
Tasklist.  Note that while one can select continous items in the tasklist
by ctrl-drag, if separated by programs, separate selection is required. 
If one has 20 folders open, then, it might take a maximum of 24 mouse clicks
to close via the task list, 20 via selecting each window and closing, but
just one by clicking on the KILLFOLD icon on the launchpad.

KILLFOLD closes all open Desktop Folders (except the Desktop itself !)
without affecting running programs.  It can be placed in the Desktop Popup
Menu (RMB on desktop) menu, or run from the command line, or placed on the
launchpad after creation of a sample desktop object (the install.cmd
script in this package creates a desktop object when run in the same
directory as killfold.exe when unpacked.)  To place the 'Close All
Folders' object on the launchpad, just select with the LMB and drag to the
launchpad with the RMB.  One other possibility is to use OS/2's single
builtin macro key  (Ctrl-Alt-Shift-O, the last is the letter 'O' not
0=1-1) combo to run this utility by backing up the os2\bitmap\aaaaa.exe
file and replacing it with killfold.exe (i.e.  copy killfold.exe
\os2\bitmap\aaaaa.exe.) 

If there is interest in this type of utility, I might consider expanding
the capability to encompass closing folders, programs, both, or all of a
selected type except the previous (before killfold.exe) focus.  Perhaps
this might be implemented via a "Close Many" option in the primary desktop
popup menu, with a right menu opening to choices of "Folders", "Programs",
and "All". 

N.B. - The author assumes absolutely no responsibility for the suitability
of this program for any purpose, or for any damages to the users data or
system. This utility is supplied 'as is', without any guarantee of support
or performance.  Use at your own risk.  'C' Source is included.  Your are
free to copy and distribute this utility. This executable and code is r
released into the public domain. FREEWARE. 

(But please do let me know if you find it useful, and/or if you find any
bugs, or have any suggestions for improvements.)


                                                       Dave Looney
                                                       [Team OS/2] 
                                                    djloon@delphi.com

